Thompson's Incomplete Rust Notebook
===================================

If you liked other books that start with the author's surname then there
is no evidence whatsoever supporting the notion that you will also like
[Thompson's Incomplete Rust Notebook](Notebook.ipynb). They are
unrelated in every possible manner, including subject matter, author,
style, form, length, content and the use of wit and humour.

There is no relationship between other authors of such books and Mr.
Daniel Thompson's work except that they chose to name documents after
themselves. Any resemblance to books past or present is purely
coincidental.

Additionally, at the time of writing this README, Mr. Thompson's
notebook consists of only two very short articles whilst the work of a
proper author should be expected to span hundreds of pages and numerous
volumes.

Currently the verbosity of this introduction describes the size of the
dream, not the size of the actual notebook which is every bit as
incomplete as the title suggests. Should Thompson's Incomplete Rust
Notebook ever become useful enough for you to land here via a search
engine then be assured I will likely have forgotten all about writing
this whimsical introduction and the dream will have changed long ago!

Nevertheless, I hope you enjoyed reading this introduction. After
reading it the notebook, which is you have been warned multiple times is
incomplete, is almost certain to disappoint!

The latest official draft of
[Thompson's Incomplete Rust Notebook](Notebook.ipynb) can be found at:
https://github.com/daniel-thompson/notebook-rs/Notebook.ipynb
